fix listener and route behavior when changing ParentRef (#200)
hashicorp/consul-api-gateway: .changelog/200.txt

```release-note:bug

> Clean up stale routes from gateway listeners which no longer reference the gateway.

Author: ```suggestion
Clean up stale routes from gateway listeners when route no longer references the gateway.
```
